Add the sample web log data to Kibana.


Answer the following questions:
 In the last 7 days, how many unique visitors were located in India?
   -245 unique visitors
 In the last 24 hours, of the visitors from China, how many were using Mac OSX?
    10 unique visitors 

In the last 2 days, what percentage of visitors received 404 errors? How about 503 errors?
       0% for all errors

In the last 7 days, what country produced the majority of the traffic on the website?
China with 259 unique visitors


Of the traffic that's coming from that country, what time of day had the highest amount of activity?
06:00 

List all the types of downloaded files that have been identified for the last 7 days, along with a short description of each file type (use Google if you aren't sure about a particular file type).
Css - Cascading Style Sheets is the full name. It describes how HTML components need to be displayed, i.e. design, layout.  
Deb - Debian Linux Paackage File. Unix archive files and is used for install packages that contain software for Linux operating systems that use Debian.
Gz - This is a file extension that compresses files
Rpm  - “Red Hat Package Manager” file that's used to store installation packages on Linux operating systems.These files provide an easy way for software to be distributed, installed, upgraded, and removed.
Zip - This is a file extension that compresses files



Now that you have a feel for the data, Let's dive a bit deeper. Look at the chart that shows Unique Visitors Vs. Average Bytes.


Locate the time frame in the last 7 days with the most amount of bytes (activity).
6-13 at 21:00
In your own words, is there anything that seems potentially strange about this activity?
Initially nothing seems strange about a spike of activity at 21:00 because that’s when most people are home from work searching. What does set off alarms is that the spike doesn’t correlate with spikes in unique visitors. 


Filter the data by this event.
What is the timestamp for this event?
 -June 13 at 21:55
What kind of file was downloaded?
 -rpm file was downloaded 
From what country did this activity originate?
 -USA
What HTTP response codes were encountered by this visitor?
 -200

Switch to the Kibana Discover page to see more details about this activity.

What is the source IP address of this activity?
35.143.166.159
What are the geo coordinates of this activity?
{ “lat”: 43.34121, “lon”: -73.6103075 }
What OS was the source machine running?
 -Windows 8
What is the full URL that was accessed?
 -https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/beats/metricbeat/metricbeat-6.3.2-i686.rpm
From what website did the visitor's traffic originate?
 -artifacts.elastic.co

Finish your investigation with a short overview of your insights.

What do you think the user was doing?
 -Since the downloaded file was a rpm they were more than likely trying to install packages on a linux operating system.
Was the file they downloaded malicious? If not, what is the file used for?
 - I don’t think the file was malicious as no suspicious codes went off. Furthermore if it was a file install for a larger program that can use higher amounts of bytes. 
Is there anything that seems suspicious about this activity?
 -Yes, the referer is from facebook.com/jay-c-buckey with the request coming from /beats/metricbeat/metricbeat. Even though the download doesn't seem to be malicious, the redirection stemming from a facebook profile instead of a regular user origin seems like something to dig into deeper.   
Is any of the traffic you inspected potentially outside of compliance guidelines?
 -I believe that the referer coming from Facebook would probably break some type of compliance guideline. I don't see anything listed in Kibana on that, plus there is probably some type of international regularion on compliance as well. 
